# Deline

Deline is a command-line utility designed to filter out unwanted log entries from files, specifically targeting false positives commonly generated by log scanning tools like SecretFinder. This tool allows users to specify a string; any line containing this string will be omitted from the output, aiding in clearer, more relevant data analysis.

## Features

- **Filtering Logs**: Remove lines that contain specified strings to clean up log files.
- **Customization**: Fully customizable through command-line arguments to target specific strings.
- **Simplicity**: Easy-to-use command-line interface.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x

## Installation

Download the script directly or clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/heis3nberg-lab/Deline.git
```

## Usage

Here is how you can use Deline to filter your logs:

```bash
python deline.py --string 'target_string' --input input_file.txt --output output_file.txt
```

### Arguments

- `-str`, `--string`: The string to search for within the log file. Lines containing this string will be removed from the output.
- `-i`, `--input`: Path to the input file which contains the log data.
- `-o`, `--output`: Path to the output file where the cleaned data will be written.

### Example

To filter out lines containing "ERROR" from `system.log` and save the result to `clean_system.log`:

```bash
python deline.py --string 'ERROR' --input system.log --output clean_system.log
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your improvements.


## Contact

For support or queries, reach out via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/heis3nberg-lab/Deline/issues) or your preferred method of contact.
